reasons for score
"Excellent platform, highly responsive customer service."
the variety of questions and the ability to design the flow.
low cost well supported
"Easy to use interface, variety of engagement options, highly responsive sales rep (SANITIZED), mobile enabled"
It is a great tool for online surveying.  It gives you an incredible amount of flexibility in question design and integration.
Don't know of a better competing product
Need more time to experience stable custom-built dashboard.  Delays and impact on project delivarables last survey period.
The service is great and the product has all of the cool features that we need to run our surveys.
"I love the look of your surveys and the ease of creating, administering, and analyzing the surveys."
It's a pretty powerful tool with good tech support
"we are happy, but not over the moon yet."
We are satisfied with the survey tool - easy to use and let's us do everything we need to do
"I know itÂ´s a bussiness but some important features are only available in expensive packages and dor small - middle companies like us, is hard to afford it."
"It's an excellent tool, and does just about everything in terms of survey administration that I want it to."
Qualtrics has features that other survey tools don't have.
"Overall excellent platform, but some difficulty reaching support when you need it, though once reached they do a very good job."
"Very useable tool, allowing sharing of surveys at admin level. Market leading software"
Very satisfied with product and support.
"I like Qualtrics because it is intuitive but also advanced. It makes my job easier. I've also recommended it to several people, so it is a honest score."
"Great tool and customer service, but needs improvement on the reporting tab to make it more user friendly."
good product that keeps being improved. / good customer service

"Qualtrics has the best survey software on the market today, I'm thrilled with the features and the service."
The user interface is great and easy-to-use!

"Awesome product, awesome support."
"It's easy to use and very versitile.  There is so much you can do, and ways you can report the results."

"Nice&easy tool / good relation with account manager / good, fast help from helpdesk"

ease of use and support
"Easy to use & sophisticated functionality, but a bit expensive for smaller businesses."
"Capabilities of the 360 tool / Methods, availability and helpfulness of training staff"

can't produce cross tabs.
Combination of extensive functionality and ease-of-use.
Qualtrics in an extremely powerful tool that I use almost everyday. It is the best of any online survey creation program I have ever used.
"Fantastic support services, great response time, terrific expertise even with squirrly requests, and a delightful product."
the comprehensive abilities of qualtrics surveys
Professional system with lots of possibilities and at the same time transparant to use for a novice user.
The best survey package around
"Credible, easy and convenient to use"
"Look and feel, personal service"
"The software is useful but is harder to use than, say, Survey Monkey."
At the moment we are having issues with the tool and have some clear improvement areas for you to look at. We have a dialogue with the support team but we are not sure how our issues are handled and when some of the development points will be taken care of.
It is a great tool for data collection.
Quality of product.  Dependable support.  Frequent updates and improvements.  Successful company that seems dedicated to its product.
"Easy-to-use, affordable, Survey Monkey on steroids"
Very robust survey product.  Can meet the needs of an organization with different levels of user expertise.
"I'm not getting the level of help and customer service I was expecting when I started with Qualtrics. Currently working with one of your support people (SANITIZED) and I'm not getting called back, not getting timely responses, etc.  I need help (ASAP) and even though I'm told I'll hear back as soon as he gets off the phone, .. after several hours, I do not hear anything, from anyone.  Not happy."
"While not perfect, it does a great job of meeting our needs in a cost-effective manner."
Ease of use in building the survey / Features available for question and survey structures
"Strong program. Fairly easy to use, but the support materials could be improved."
"Amazing product features enabling me to do just about anything I want to a survey, great training and terrific customer service."
recently you have made some changes that make sharing surveys & collaborating difficult. It doesn't work..... also the design elements aren't as flexible as I'd like them to be.
"Easy to use, good support"
userfriendlyness and rich feature set.
You do all the basics well and you have some nice features that I would hope for but wouldn't expect.
You have a very good product and the service has been excellent.  I would like to see some improvement in reporting and some of the brand admin functionality.

"Qualtrics is extremely powerful, yet the interface is extremely user friendly. That's a rare thing in web interfaces."
Ease of learning; ease of use; myriad of question types; email feature
Y'all are very responsive and the software is intuitive
#NAME?

"As brand administrator, it is easy to set up users, the service is first-rate."
"Qualtrics is easy to learn and use, but also flexible enough to meet almost any need."
"reliable, flexible, powerful service.  nice folks"
Easy to use survey system and good customer service.
"We have been working with both the Research and the 360 Suite, both are good to great platforms. /  / However, we encountered a number of substantial issues in particular: / - It has been difficult and often frustrating to work with the 360 suite, as there suite has not been a dependable service. / - Even though support latency has greatly improved over the past year, we often had the feeling that support is only able to answer the most basic questions. Many questions to support@qualtrics have either not been answered or the answer was completely missing the question. It would be great to have support for more advanced problem/questions. /  / However, we very much believe that you guys will keep on improving and we have seen improvement over the past montsh, in particular with the 360 Suite, so keep up the good work! :-)"
"Top notch customer service. Sure, it is a good tool, and while that is a also a differentiator, customer service is where Qualtrics appear to excel."
The automatic functions that send reminders only to those who haven't taken the survey.
Cost is really high but there is great customer support and very user friendly.
Survey engine and question types that show significant appreciation of the science of online surveying. Excellent customer support - anything that I have needed answers on I have been able to get very quickly. All around superior product compared to everything else in the marketplace.
We need more training!
User-friendly
"We do love the flexibility that Qualtrics has given us to reach consumers directly, but there are a few wish fors that the system doesn't have."
Useful and easy
Ease of use. Availability. Accessibility.
"good product, good customer service, research heritage (v. technology)"
continues to exceed expectations

Your survey tool is awesome and your call in customer service is second to none. I know that it is likely a huge challenge to maintain the level of phone support you provide but please don't ever change that.
not as user friendly
"Qualtrics' Support/Customer service is what really sets you apart from the competition.  Anytime we need assistance our Account Manager, SANITIZED is very responsive and if he does not know the answer he gets someone who does."

"ease of use, great customer service"
Good survey tools and relatively easy to use. Customer service is sometimes a little slow but they are always informative and helpful. The conjoint analysis aspect of the survey tool is a bit awkward but usable.
The software is very intuitive to use--takes very little training--and has the power and flexibility to do almost anything we need to do.
I've been happy with the tool
"Qualtrics offers us the survey capabilities that we need. And, we are excited about all the new programs and services announced at the summit. These improvements were/are needed and will definitely be utilized. As a result, we won't have to look for outside vendors to accomplish the tasks that Q previously could not address."
Ease of use but sophistication of survey tool for more complex surveys
Intuitive tool and great customer service

It is a great package.
"Ease of use, Qualtrics' engagement with the user community and the dedicated help desk."
I love the software and your people

Your pricing model based on the number of respondents is not a good model for us because of the amount of screenouts we have.
Helpful customer service and easy to use software
1) Outstanding reporting tools / 2) Responsive phone support / 3) Ability to create complex surveys with ease
"Good tool, good reporting, good service.  we don't use all the functionality you all provide so can't rank it all"
"It's versatile, easy to use (very friendly), service is excellent."

Use it on a regular basis and their is really not alternative.
platform capabilities are excellent
"We have only purchased and started using Qualtrics in December 2013, so I have not had a large amount of experience.  So far, it is going well and I am happy with it."
"I really like Qualtrics, but couldn't find rigth support to programm a very difficult questionaire my team did it once"
"I've used just about every web survey tool; although it has drawbacks, Qualtrics meets our needs the most."


Seems to be lots of potential in creating and managing surveys that meet our many needs efficiently
"Service, ease of use, top quality"
"Functionality is great; intuitive interface; meets all business needs. Support, whilst always helpful is very difficult to get through wen timing is critical."
"At first it seems very easy to use, however customising little bits of the user interface/functionality starts to become quite difficult and time consuming."
We're very happy with Qualtrics.  We have requested some additional features in question design that we were hoping would become available but they have not yet been released.
"useful tools to collect good information and improve research efficiency, helpful team"
"Easy to use, may not be able to handle more complicated surveys."
"easr of use, comprehensive options"
"Customer Service / Quality of product / Always expanding products and keeping clients informed of changes, additions, update, etc."
"Great tech implementation, plus continued progress in offline iPad app."
Comprehensive package of managment tools.
Cost of entry into your system.
"It's really easy to use, lots of options, survey's look great, and service is excellent!"
The tool is very useful. / Easy (maybe too easy to build) surveys.  The danger is creating the false impression of expertise!
"Great tool, easy to use, advanced logic"
Easy access and assistance
"Love the tool, all the features and the robustness. I also LOVE the support, they are the best support I've ever used and are always so helpful, professional, and courteous! Kudos to them!"
Because it's good but there are other good programs
"advanced functionality; quality customer service (quick response time, live person available to answer questions)"
"The system is extremely excellent, but your customer support brought my rating down. My last call to customer support took 5 hours to get a return phone call. My last "ticket" (sent online) took over a week to get a response. I first started subscribing to Qualtrics in the corporate world (I signed contracts with you when I was at SANITIZED and SANITIZED). Support there was excellent. I understand from my former-SANITIZED colleagues that it's still excellent. Seems like you're prioritizing Academic (University licenses) support lower than corporate customers. That's probably a good decision on your part from a business perspective (with corporate licenses costing more -- bringing you more revenue), but it's why it brought down my rating to a '6'."

"You guys are good at what you do. you have been very helpful right from the implementation stage. The support we recieve from you is outstanding. Your product is good, flexible and innovative."

The features of the system
you're simply the best
Excellent product and great support.
#NAME?
Quality of the application itself; and the superlative quality of your customer service.
You guys do a great job delivering on what you promise. Your site is easy to use and your pricing is understandable and reasonable.
"ease of use, great data and charts"



"Qualtrics is very easy to use, provides a large variety of options for collecting information, makes distribution and tracking of surveys simple, and customer support is outstanding."
"Very reliable, good service, continual improvements to the product."
"Very good platform, user-friendly with powerful features"
Easy interface. Dynamic survey options and tools. Good customer service.
"Qualtrics is innovative, easy to use and works well."
Love the functionality and the ease of use. Would like to see you guys focus a bit more on the mobile taking survey UI and also have a better browser UI for editing.
"Powerful features, generally reliable (much more so than a year ago), great business model and expense.  /  / To get a 10, Qualtrics would need to 1) open up API and/or ODBC access using the Qualtrics security model to relationally structured database tables (e.g., question table with one row per question per survey, respondent table with one row per respondent per survey, response table with one row per question per respondent per survey, sample table with one row per panel member per survey, etc.) and 2) increase the reliability and usability of panel triggers, email triggers and other forms of automation. Presently, panel triggers on matrix tables (a common use for us) are require extensive manual setup, don't display in order, and don't allow automatic invitations to a survey as part of the trigger. Loops should work for grids as well as for entire pages or blocks, panel triggers should be able to define one per grid with grid row variables built-in, and panel triggers should be able to fire off an instant invitation to a particular survey using a library message."
Intuitive and flexible platform.  Handles 95% of my survey needs.
"Qualtrics is tool which simplifies creation and distribution of surveys and is very easy to use. However, there are areas which need improvement such as reporting capabilities(dashboards etc) and sentiment tagging options for responses which are not available out of the box. Embedded values cannot be a complete solution specially for sentiment tagging which is needed for some of our surveys."
"Great software, easy-to-use, excellent support"
"Versatility of designing surveys, quick results tabulation.  Didn't give it a higher score becuase it isn't clear where my feature requests go... I've had several over the years but have yet to hear back on any of them."

"Intuitive, easy to use, looks good, customisable, great help resources..."
"convenience, power, value"
1) the system is very flexible in terms of providing multiple methods to collect insights. 2) the company is focused on the continuous improvement of the product to ensure they are meeting the needs of their customers. 3) the company is still small enough to adapt to change and customer needs in a relatively short period of time.

"While the interface looks nice and has many formatting options, I don't feel that the behind-the-scenes data processing is stable enough for serious researchers.  I think it's a fine product for organizations that require polling or have lighter research needs. I think sophistication is often lacking for higher-level needs, the back-end survey flow programming is more labor intensive than it should be, and the customer support isn't there."
"as alternative to unipark, they moved out the market in switzerland"
"functionality, support and continued updates"

Great feature set and excellent support.
Too expensive.


very easy to use and simple to understand the various features
"the most complete survey tool i know of, and great customer service."
intuitive to a point. Then good support when needed.
Great product- gives me the ability to be a full service market research department because I can do so much more in-house now.
"easy to handle, many options"
"Satisfactiln with features ,user friendliness,  support etc"
The system is easy to use and allows you to create nearly anything you are in need of for a survey question.
"We use the tool for bi-annual surveys and need to draw comparison from survey-to-survey period.  Needless to say, nothing is static.  If a few questions change, the system cannot accommodate without a large investment of time/money.  The committed deadlines provided by your project management are always missed.  We take surveys very serious as well and there is high visibility at executive and board levels.  2012 it was an embarrassment - every deadline was missed and no accountability on your end.  There is too much finger pointing, not enough managing expectations early in the process.  As well, we have a robust / interactive system that we use to manage / compare / report on results and it all seems to fall apart with the slightest change.   Once again this year, we were advised that our survey questions need to be reformatted for better continuity.  We didn't ask for this - apparently there were back end changes in your program.  This has already fallen off the schedule and the report on how to correct the project and bring it back on time was due yesterday - yet is still not in hand today.  Not surprising!"
It is as simple as a VW bug and as powerful as a Ferrari. My students use it without much training and it has proven its worth as an effective tool to advance my own academic research.
The tool is intuitive for me as the builder and the environment is appealing for my survey takers.
"Refined tool, better security."
"I'm a former customer. Although your software is easy for anyone with very little market research experience, I found it very limiting. Your sales person lied to me, support is horrendous and we lost data from several surveys. Your Christmas lights were colorful, I'll give you that. But it was insulting that you could add that enhancement but could fix program glitches. I go out of my way to NOT recommend you."
"Your tech support has gone down the drain. I used to get through immediately; now I have to wait hours for a callback. Recently, I had to call every day for four days before I finally got a response."

The tool you provide is fantastic in setting up questions for surveys but you can't get anything meaningful out of the results
"Features, Ease of use, support and video support resource."
ease of use from researchers point of view
Like it's versatility and capabilities to do complicated surveys.
"Ease of use coupled with detailed relevant results; quality, responsive, knowledgeable support team."
"clearly Qualtrics is the best in class survey provider. In terms of usability, functionality and the experience it creates for the user."


"Qualtrics has been a great partner! I have a great relationship with my account manager (SANITIZED) who not only provides good info on the Qualtrics product but every chance he gets, he provides good industry & best practices advice which is really useful to a company like us (medium size with small budgets)."
"The platform is extremely user friendly and intuitive, yet also very powerful."
"We are finding it impossible to issue invitations via your server (they are stopped by our client's software). This results in us having to use our own Outlook account to issue the invites, incurring more time, inconvenience, and potential for error. We are not especially impressed with the look of the charts either yet, so expect to continue to use Powerpoint"
"More expensive than other services that meet my needs, suboptimal representatives, non-obvious interface."
"Things that are awesome: That you are continuously improving your product and adding new features, that all of your employees are super friendly and helpful (and really seem to care), and in general how easy it is to use your platform and how great the surveys look. /  / Things that make me rate an "8":  We moved from Verint (Vovici) to Qualtrics because we wanted to have improved reporting capabilities.  You guys are so close, but I am not thrilled with the time it takes to load my reports because the only way I can create them the way I need them to look is by using a lot of duplicate data sources.  Also, some of the reports don't quite work the way I need them to if I were to present the data the way that we do in our Excel built reports.  Aside from the reporting, I have also been disappointed that I cannot manage how often respondents are contacted across panels.  I am going to do a trial of target audience, but I truly feel that I should not have to purchase an add on to have that functionality."
"Easy to use, fairly versatile"
Ease of use. Few limitations. Good price. Good service.
Excellent service and response to system change recommendations!
It's a great program that does a terrific job.
"The potential to discover information that will help a business succeed and grow is tremendous.  There are a couple of usability options that have been an issue for my organization and, if addressed, would make my score a 10."
To avoid being classified as a promoter or a detractor.
asdfasdf
"Pretty happy and satisfied with Qusltrics capabilities. I do feel, however, that there are some limitations, esp when it comes to complex survey logic. For someone looking for more complex design, I may not recommend simply because their needs are different."
"It's made my life easier, easy tool to use !"
The primary reason is due to how easy the software is to use and the real time feedback information you can acquire.
"Two things. First, the question is poorly stated. You should include 'given the opportunity' in the question because my rating is minimized because I don't always have the opportunity, which means I won't take the initiative to recommend Qualtrics. Second, assuming I have the opportunity, although I love the spirit and the intention, Qualtrics does not easily allow me to do more sophisticated programming and support is difficult to pin down."

The software is user-friendly. The people I work with are very responsive and easy to talk to. The software has most of the features we need to use on a daily basis. It makes my job much easier.
"It's a great tool, more powerful and easier than the one I used before"
Easy to use / Very fast / Can be adapted to many different types of questionnaires / Can be set up to automatically run experiments / Can record hidden variables
Everything worked very well: the system itself and the service.
the ability to innovate our services
is the user of your product
"Qualtrics has serviced my needs by 90 percent, but not 100 percent.  And until I can rate Qualtrics 100 percent, I will not recommend--sorry."
great customer service
"Good product, have a good account rep & company heading in the right direction"

Good self-administered tool. Expensive. Reporting could be better. Ability to build dashboards would be great.
"It's easy to use, has great functionality and seems like tech support can make just about anything work. Although there are a few things we've run across that we are limited by, it doesn't happen often."
"Friendly, competent service.  The product is more robust than survey monkey and a reasonably priced."
I have been a client for several years now and I can say I don't feel that valued.  Good system and security so the product has value.  Also service levels have been erratic.  I also am questioning the value of the products versus the cost based on competitors in the marketplace.
Great valuew for th emoney
Love the customer service and support staff and the survey design. Not real happy with the panel partner transparency.


"Power, ease of us and educational pricing"

"Easy to use, easy to learn, has extremely robust capabilities in terms of complex surveys (logic, inserting images or videos) and reporting. Love using the filter function to access reports specific to niche audiences, love having the ability to make a cross tab in seconds."
"Easy to use, affordable"
"Qualtrics survey builder and customer support has been awesome. The reporting isn't ideal yet, but I know you're working on it. I have already referred many people to Qualtrics!"
It's an awesome tool....IF (big if) you can afford it.
"It's the best survey tool on the planet!  I would've given it a "10", but the price for small firms like ours is very restrictive."
great product; good customer service
"Great tool and good tech support when needed.  However, your cost is too high considering that competitive tools can do the vast majority of the same things but for a much lesser price.  I have purchased an annual subscription to SurveyGizmo just to prevent from going over my annual Qualtrics allotment of completes.  Last time that happened, I got a hard pressure series of calls to pay up (which I ultimately did).  Still leaving a very bad taste in my mouth..."


Many features
Much more basic than i initially thought. The support is dificult to get ahold of and they know the software and not research methodology
Easy to get started with.  Can go on to do some quite complex stuff
"Excellent programme - the best survey tool that I have used. Also, customer service is outstanding!"
"Ease of use, advanced features available"
quality and efficiency
"Excellent service, excellent support, great software"
ease of use and sometimes the unfortunate situation of students signing up for an trial account on the wrong brand.
Set up is somewhat tricky and we are always calling for help.
"Friendly staff, great follow up, and the strength of your product's capabilities."
"I am not finding the tool as user-friendly as I thought it would be. I have questions on how to do things and am having to create a customer support ticket nearly every time I'm in Qualtrics and trying to build a survey. When this happens I often have to wait several hours before I hear from a support person or receive answers to my questions. The answers are also hard to interpret because I can't just have a conversation with a human being. This slows the flow of my workday and is frustrating. I would greatly benefit from and appreciate a support call number I can access right away. I just came from QuestionPro and they have chat support which was phenomenal and always very responsive. This customer support issues is a primary frustration for me with the Qualtrics platform. I know the company professes to be customer-centric, but your process is not customer friendly in comparison to your competitors."
"seems to be a great product and the service has been well in starting us but once we purchased, it became more difficult to receive support to learn how to tailor our tools to our needs. I think perhaps there are too few sales rep for the demand that exists"

"Customer service, attention to details, ongoing new and improved survey updates. My department uses several different vendors for various data sources and Qualtrics has the best, most available, personalized tech support."
"Well, I actually knew about qualtrics first and used it for a while, but when I wanted to escalate to more than the free version, it wasn't very easy to get a quote.  I had to call someone and te prices seemed high (basically too many variables to handle when I wanted quick service).  It was different with Surveymonkey.  I got want I wanted quickly and have been using it since, upgrading as I needed, without having to call anyone.  The information was all there on the website."
Great customer service

Ease of use and excellent customer support staff.
The software is easy to use.
"Overall, the quality of the tool is strong.  But I have increasing concern over the cost and whether the ROI is there for (even larger) non-profits like ours.."

Because it is easy to navigate and work.
Very easy system to use with great functionality
easy to use software and very strong level of support to clients.  Not just sales pitch and then "good luck"
"Expenses. We don't use surveys so often, so paying a yearly fee has no sense for us."
excellent support and all what you i need it can be done from you
Inexpensive student accounts.  Ease of administration.  Quality of product.  Support
The constant sales pitches
generally happy with the system but had some problems crop up. sometimes very basic things that are frustrating and an on going problem like the font size not changing in the look and feel section of the survey. The support have not always been great at replying to queries in GMT work hours either which has caused delays in turn out projects for clients.

I have not used Qualtrics for very long so I cannot give a full evaluation of the product. So far I've been mostly pleased with its features. There are a few annoyances here and there.
Easy to use.
sporadic email problems causing tension with client
"It's the best out there.    But, it's incredibly expensive for academia.     And I will soon start using something like jotform (which is, virtually, free) next year, because I can't keep paying $500 every year."
The software is very efficient and flexable
"I find Qualtrics is very user friendly.  You offer a lot of great ways to ask questions and displaying results.  There are a few quirks that appear from time-to-time while working on the platform, but overall I really think Qualtrics is a great tool."
Great Product
The tool is great ... very easy to maneuver and get going without much guidance.
"I felt the billing department played hard ball with me regarding the start of the survey period (when I inquired not when payment was made), payment had to route through the university and the billing department treated me like a past due client acting as a collection agency and harassing me.  Finally, I never had time to use the survey due to the various demands at work and I lost the subscription.  Qualtrics could see this and was inflexible.  Better customer service is greatly needed.  You have a quality product but substandard billing and customer services."
"An easy to use, mostly intuitive, platform for building surveys that is flexible and powerful + simply outstanding customer service. You hire all the best people!"
"The survey tool is easy to use and support is very good. However, there have been several occasions when we have needed to find work arounds for issues. It feels like Qualtrics is quite young in terms of its development still (not a bad thing, just how it is)"
"customer service, quality of service, actively listen to suggestions and input"
The staff at Qualtrics is easy to work with and the online tools are easy to use
"I have had great experience with Qualtrics.  Qualtrics is affordable and easy to use.  Also, it seems that Qualitrics is committed to continual improvement and is always developing new and innovative ideas to make my life as a market researcher easier!"

Scripting in the tool is very user friendly but we have had many issues that have stopped us being able to distribute the survey because we have not been informed about changes from Qualtrics side.
"Qualtrics is really easy to use. Additionally, the surveys are absolutely BEAUTIFUL. I have seen Qualtrics used by multiple organizations outside my own, including League of Legends. Their survey was AMAZING. This one is too!!!"
The product is overpriced.
"great tool and options, might be pricey for smaller companies"
not the best reporting tool

"The software is good, especially the ability to collaborate. Some things are needlessly complex, such as simply asking a question that requires the respondant to type a numeric value, but most features are very well implemented. Qualtrics support, however, is the worst of the 30 vendors I deal with on a regular basis. We left multiple phone and email messages for SANITIZED around February 11. I even made an appointment to talk on the phone, but he did not call. When I tried to call him, I was told SANITIZED was on another call due to accidental double-booking, but he would get back to me. Not even that level of embarassment was enough to get SANITIZED to call. SANITIZED reported this to SANITIZED at the Qualtrics conference. He took notes and said someone would be in touch immediately. Nope. Since then SANITIZED emailed them both again, but STILL no response.  So we gave up and switched to SurveyGizmo for that problem. Their support is much more responsive. -SANITIZED, SANITIZED."
I think this company is innovative and dedicated to being the best in its field. This is so much more than a piece of software.
#NAME?
"Because I've already recommended. Therefore, it must be the case that I would."
"Easy set-up of surveys, good reporting of answers, but still it is missing to creat customized reports."
For most creating surveys your tool has the ease of use and features needed.  Would have rated higher if we had less issues with panels.
"There is no other tool that I have found that has so many options, is easy to use and allows for multiple accounts within our institution."
Easy to use
"I like your tool no problem there.  But... / First, I am no longer a client of yours.   / Second, I send a few emails (SANITIZED) about 45 days ago to you guys to get more info about a possible "entente" with you guys, and I haven't got any news from you.  That's not tight."
"Qualtrics is quite powerful, well documented and user friendly."
"User friendly interface, great variety of visual resources, complete report and graphic analysis features."
Ease of use and ability to develop complex survey designs.
"Very good product, easy to use with almost all the functionality we need out of the box."

"Cloud based, flexible and simple to use"
"flexibility, technology, customer service"

Versitality of the tool
"ease of use in terms of question-building, professional looking, high-quality product"
"The platform itself, the professional services team and the account managers are all great."


Cost is too high
"good customer service, good product"
You're the best of the few products I've used. I haven't run into anything I can't do on your platform.
"Lots of great features. The collaboration isn't perfect, and on some of my surveys I can't do "edit multiple" and I really wish there was more ways to use excel to load choices."
"We are using it for a very specific reason and we need both the survey and PDF report to be coded a certain way.  Some of the things we need are available and others are not due to how we are using the results.  I think Qualtrics is great for a simple survey sent to the masses to gather regular information.  It works just fine for how we've created it but there were a few hiccups along the way.  Also, when we first began, support would take 4-8 hours to call back to answer a question."
"Qualtrics is one of the most robust survey tools on the market. It has its flaws, but it is hands down better than most of the survey tools I've used or reviewed."
Great tool for creating surveys
Great tool in terms of capabilities (Research Suite and Site Intercept) / Easy to ramp up for simple stuff / Fantastic on-call support for the more difficult stuff / Makes me look good at my job -- what's not to love?
Support Team is always available to help and easy to talk to -- has 24 hours service! / Survey building functions are very user-friendly. / Has a clean layout
Great customer service; prompt replies to questions; great product functionality; cost-effective
Your organization is responsive and seems to be expanding capabilities
"I'm very happy with the customer service and outreach, and I'm mostly satisfied with the suite itself, but I need stats testing. Ideally it would be a one-stop shop instead of having to export data to another program."
"I rated you this high for two main reasons, you're software is top notch and so is the customer service.  We couldn't be happier here at the SANITIZED with Qualtrics."
"I think Qualtrics allows me to do most of the things I want to do and works pretty well. It it's fairly simple to use.  I love how you guys pick up the phone when I call with technical questions, but I do wish that sometimes people knew the answers to the questions, rather than figuring it out with me on the phone. I can noodle around myself and figure stuff out - the reason I'm calling is that I'm hoping not to waste time on that. But your support people are super nice and useful. And the fact that it's not a machine is awesome. 5 stars for that."
We are really happy with the software but the max diff options do not live up to expections
easy to use and good reports
8/10 because I like the end results of the appearance of the survey platform. / Not 10/10 because it is expensive for small volume users like myself.
"Primarily, it's the lack of depth of knowledge @ tech support."
"it depends on the purpose of the survey. if the survey is an ESM survey (few times per day), than the qualtrics doe's not support a quick distribution and makes it difficult to rack the subject."
"Pros: support, features and ease of use / Cons: cost..."
Functionality.
Because I do recommend you.


"Previously, I used a server-based survey system -- Sensus Web.  Recently, the University granted permission to use Qualtrics.  I could not be happier.  The ease of using Qualtrics has enhanced the productivity of my office."
"This is my first time working with survey software.  Although I'm not responsible for day-to-day surveying, it is very easy to use."
"ease of use; suited most of our research needs, but there were limitations"
"You're Awesome!  The product and services you provide have greatly destressed and improved the quality of work I'm able to produce.  And for that, I thank you!"
"The use of a tool like qualtrics has revolutionized my product marketing organization.  We ground our messaging and positioning decisions on data, arm our product management team with insights for their product roadmap and have elevated the conversation throughout the organization to focus more on facts and not conjecture."

So easy to use....so many advanced features...and that 1-800 number that provides such excellent support!
"While the features are attractive, I'm not sure the costs are justified."
"I have found qualtrics to be much easier to use than other survey tools, the options are more innovative, and the customer support is very good."
"Great customer service.  They are always there with an answer (or willingness to trouble shoot with  you), when you have a problem making something work.  Plus, it's a human being!   There are also good features that are relatively intuitive."
"Product quality, service and support"
Easy to set up surveys / Survey functionality is good / Easy to interpret resutls
With Qualtrics we can do everything!
"Easy to use,  high performance"

"When using qualtrics as part of a larger survey administration and analyses process, sorting responses, working with the raw data, and analyzing data (along with datasets from others platforms) can be very time consuming."
we are still learning on the program - but in general we are very happy with it.
"Qualtrics has not only provided an agile, 21st century approach to surveying, but continues to look for ways to innovate and improve the user experience.  It's more than just the great survey platform that would drive me to recommend Qualtrics - it's the customer support, innovation, and unbridled passion I have encountered working with the Qualtrics staff."
"Qualtrics is a great tool and provides valuable data to work from.  Occasionally when generating PDFs and Excel worksheets it fails - it's easy to run it again and get what you need, just a little time consuming."

Great service. Great software and easy to use front end and design.
"Good logic, nicely formatted questions."

"Easy to use, complete all in one solution, stability, user friendly"
Good product and provides great insights but has some flaws.
"The number one reason: your customer service. Every time I have needed help, I have received it. The application is also very easy to use, can do everything I want it to, and is constantly being improved."
it is quick and easy to build surveys
I've found it highly compatible with my needs and appreciate the ongoing improvements.
It is an advanced survey system.
"Easy to use, intuitive. a lot of choices in question types, look and feel, ways of distributing etc"

Scripting is still to foreign and intimidating to rookie users when distributing
Overall product is great to use there have been some issues.  Setting up reporting has been a challenge with data sources suddenly becoming unusable after working fine for several weeks.  Triggers work 99% of the time.  Needs to work 100% of the time.
"I love the numerous options to set up and create surveys, hate the reporting, it's ugly and not functional. I can't wait for the updated reporting tools."


"The quality of the survey functionality (e.g., heat maps,hot spots) AND the included customer support services"
good follow up service and quite a functional product
"Would really like to have a 'Matrix Table' survey question type that allows for additional 'Statement' rows to be added by the respondee. For e.g., a Matrix Table survey question such as: "Please provide a list of users in your department and check the box for the floors in the building where they require access?""
"good customer service, easy to use, wide range of question types"
easy and cost effective.  Plus your help line is superb (although wait times are getting longer and longer)
Robust reporting and survey creation options
Ease of usability. Range of functions.
"Ease of use, logic and reporting capabilities, value for cost"
It is an excellent product. I am pleased with the security and the ability to maintain our own controls. It is easy to use.
Easy-to-use...I always describe Qualtrics as Survey Monkey on steroids.
very good website: easy to learn (intuitive!!!) + offers a lot of features; very good service
"Very intuitive software, easy to learn, very flexible, saves us a ton of money by allowing us to complete lots of surveys internally!"
good product
qualtics is pretty user-friendly and accesible
"Easy to use, great customer service. Good data analysis."
ease of use / cost / availability
"User friendly, lots of options, flexibility, etc.  There are occassional quirks, though, that prevent me from giving it a full 10.  One time email invitations didn't go out for many hours after the tool said they were sent; the reporting (which I realize is in Beta) doesn't quite work the way we'd like it to and seems a bit buggy, etc."
"Good / intuitive / feature rich survey tool, but not quite there in terms of panel management.  Most of our business requires both capabilities."
Intuitive platform to design and implement survey instruments
"Good questionnaire design but poor reporting functions (reporting Beta is still flaky). /  / Also, Qualtrics isn't able to be used for online communities as a discussion board."
The power of your 360 platform
"I have been extremely satisfied with the product since we began using it.  The customer service, ease of use, etc."
1) excellent customer service / 2) quality of product / 3) release schedule - continuous improvements and upgrades
Ease of use and data output is clean

"Just awful.  Had constant problems, had trouble getting a hold of anyone in customer service to help,  ended up finally talking to someone who was rude, unprofessional, and not knowledgeable."
satisfied but not totally loving it
"Since implementing Qualtrics, our company has saved time an money.  This savings has also led to an increase in job satisfaction for some of our employees."
"I think you guys are a very good resource but a bit pricey. Everyone who works there seems very friendly, which I like. They also seem to be a bit beyond their bandwidth at times. I like that you are always improving what is available."
Customer Service. SANITIZED and SANITIZED are both excellent! Also...love the ability to customize my own surveys and 360s. Make it very easy to use data to gain valuable insights that lead to strong decisions.
The ease of use of site and responsiveness of support team
"Overall, I like the Qualtrics software, the ability to create surveys quickly either by copying or creating an original. The customer service has been very helpful. Previously, I have received support at the time of the call or immediately following the call. Lately, the few times I have called for support, there have been gaps in time of support with a projection that someone will call me the next day. Therefore, the rating was not at the highest level of the scale."
"Phone support is very valuable and every survey feature I need is ask about, is there."
"Very good tool (360 degree-feedback) but not convenient for clients developing questionnaire in French first, before translating them into English."
It is excellent for collecting data for research
Research is so much easier when you don't have to involve quant agencies
Customer service
"Like Qualtrics, haven't used it lately"
I've used the software for several years and it is fairly easy to use.

"I haven't used all the features yet (we just got Qualtrics at our institution a year or two ago), but I haven't yet found anything that I am disappointed by. In addition, it is my department paying for our institution's license, so the more users we have, the better!"
Great DIY tool for research
ease of use. tutorials. layout.

Friendly interface / Good help desk
Ease of use; support and service; flexibility of survey options and reports.
Great tool. Always making improvements.
"I don't have any issues with Qualtrics.  It sometimes is slow, but for the most part I have no issues."
I think it's a great tool for the money.  It can do almost anything and is pretty user-friendly.

We like it.
"Easy to use, great customer service, excellent product.  All that, and you didn't forget the fancy stuff like APIs and collaboration."

ease of use
Qualtrics is rising standard for survey construction in higher education.

I would recommend it but I don't know whether it's much better than other software--haven't used others



I was the person in the Faculty who recommended Qaultrics and it has been well used ever since. We have also got great customer support - so I often recommend it.
"It's great always having access to a number to call for help, but there's usually a wait time.  More importantly, the techs don't always know the answers to my questions."
"Your software is very intuitive, easy to use and comes with great, customizable features."

"Customer service has been slow and we've had some major issues come up that haven't been overcome. Overall the product is great, I just wish it could be geared more towards surveyors that are looking to aggregate responses and display them against an individual response on the reporting. Reporting would be a great enhancement focus."
"The robust design, user interface, and reporting funcationality of the system make it an excellent tool."
"Easy to use interface, strong customer service."
"always adding features, usually responsive to feedback, usually available over the phone (but that could be better when calling from Australia)"
"Qualtrics is very flexible and powerful, and yet you manage to have great customer support. I usually find a tradeoff in products between "supports really amazing things" and "we will help you use them," but not with Qualtrics. Plus I never feel that I'm not important to Qualtrics."
"Most of the time, the service from the sales team is extraordinary.  The tool itself is topnotch, best I've seen.  The panels team is fast, friendly, and a pure joy to work with."
Great platform that allows us to do great research
Good overall UX desing.
"Flexibility, quality, ease of use and excellent support throughout the process."
"Great on-boarding and support services.  System is great and able to handle complex surveys.  However, reporting features (specifically excel outputs) could be improved compared to other survey services that I have used."

"Easy to work with, powerful."


"Best-in-class survey software, excellent support, and we have a great relationship with you."

"Sou professor de EstatÃ_stica, utilizo como ferramenta pedagÃ_gica e nunca me decepcionou."
"Capabilities, customer support, and constant improvements"
Good functionality basic surveys / Good helpdesk / Poor for advanced surveys like conjoint
The service is too expensive -- while Qualtrics has some nice features there are other survey interfaces out there that have  nice features and cost much less.  An added bonus -- their customer service is instantaneous while we've experienced some 48 hour waits on Qualtrics responses and have really had to fight for some fixes.
"Ease of use, speed of getting surveys live, readily available support and training, friendly and helpful employees, frequent product updates to grow and improve the functionality"
Ease of use and the power of the system

"Easy to use, comprehensive programming capabilities and really helpful support"
I like Qualtrics but there is more to be improved on the ability to customize questions and the offline app needs a lot more improvement
Simple product to use and learn. Innovative and constantly being used.
"Its is very cumbersome system. the interface is not as user friendly as survey monkey. it does give more but is more difficult to sue in a pinch. Also, even though you claim that we can use this for smart phones many of your templates do not transform well into that medium."
Works great.  Easy to use.
No strong feelings
"Ease of use in creating survey, it would be higher but surveys aren't a super exciting topic"
"Qualtrics is easy to use, provides excellent tech support, always  is looking for ways to improve its capacities, and provides a very good environment for the customer."
"Ease of use, ease of training others. Flexibility with formatting surveys, recording data and reporting results. I LOVE the system. I don't quite consider it a 10 because there are still some issues (that may be more related to my newness of the system than a system problem) that I find while navigating. The customization of the surveys I feel could be better - but it is still a world above SurveyMonkey."
"A few reasons: /  / Slow site: / Slow (sluggish) website. Our internet connection is high speed but we are always waiting far longer for qualtrics page loads compared to most other website. /  / Bugs: / Your site is buggy on many pages and cross-browser compatibility is poor.  /  / Downloading batch CSV: / This has to be the worst case of "this site is built by programmers who have their own interests at heart rather than the customers'". We spend hours downloading individual CSV's (over 300 csv's, 3 times a year). To download this information takes us approx 20 hours of work. I have requested a simple batch download in a zip folder but this appears to be too hard for Qualtrics. /  / I don't expect anything to come from this as my previous attempts to get some sort of attention (even offering payment for any additional customisation) was met with contempt and "we don't give a shit" attitude. /  / You asked for the feedback. You got it. If you are going to do something about it, your first step is to get someone who cares and will make a difference to call me. /  / Feel free to contact me anytime: / +SANITIZED / +SANITIZED /  / SANITIZED"
"I have recommended Qualtrics to several colleagues. Technically, the system is reliable, broad set of tools, easy to learn, and when there is an issue, techincal support can answer in a day."
The question types that you offer.
Easy to use
I find the tool extremely robust and it offers so many survey possibilities. Every survey I program I find something new I can do.


"I like the functionality, the versatility, and Salesforce integration."
It's a great tool. Thank you.
"Excellent customer service and tech support, very versitile software, very flexible software, features developed with academics in mind, ease of programming, complex functions that are easy to use."
"The comprehensive survey options, ease of use. I just love it!"
"We are charged a ridiculous amount for the ability to screen out respondents.  We have had an error message that no one can seem to get rid of and no one can assure us that respondents aren't impacted.  During a recent demo of confirmit, an analyst on my team said, "I feel like we've had blinders on using Qualtrics.""
"Flexible, comprehensive set of tools easily used."
The software is fantastic and the support is great as well
Friendly platform. Very easy to learn how to use it.
It is easy to use and has lots of good question options.
Quality of the product; professional and knowledable support staff
Service and innovations
easy to use for both survey taker and survey builder
"Your service is easy to use, and high quality, and your customer service is top notch."
The software does everything we need. Good customer service in answering questions we have from time-to-time.
"Qualtrics is easy to use, provides excellent options for survey construction, there is great technical support and a preparedness to work with us and help us to achieve our goals"
Not much else on the market comes close to the produce you offer
"The technology is great BUT the training is lacking, especially in relation to some of the more intricate reporting functionality.  Despite calls to support I remain unclear on some of the aspects of the reporting (as was the training person!).  Great price point though and good functionality if you can get it to work."
great product that is user friendly
Flexibility. Qualtrics surveys can be "tweaked" to do much more than just the traditional survey. I have found no other survey tool that has this sort of flexibilty in use.
Lots of capabilities in the product. Fairly good support.
I like the software and the customer service.
"Good, easy to use service."
Qualtrics is easy to setup and get the results
Strong research focus.  Continuous release of enhancements.  Listen to your customers.  Cost effective solution.
"Your survey tool is awesome. By far, the easiest to use, yet incredibly robust. The beginner can learn it quickly and the advanced person can get as complicated as they need to."
Excellent service. Functional and cool looking product. All for a good price.
Easy to use platform that can be learned quickly. company seems to always be innovating and adding features.
Great survey building platform. Some bugs.
"Love the interface, very easy to use for most standard surveys. Didn't give 10/10 as the survey email invite platform seems to often send our invites to spam folders..."
flexibility
Great support and great product. Very customer-centric.
"The thing I loved most about Qualtrics was the support--there was always someone there when I needed them for the first 3  years of our relationship.  Now things are different.  I have to leave a message and I sometimes don't hear from someone for 2-3 days.  By that time, my need has passed and I've had to either spend precious time figuring it out myself or given up and compromised the quality of my work for my clients. Qualtrics used to be a valued partner and support I could depend on, but it seems recently the emphasis has been on products vs. service and probably on larger, enterprise clients. I'm not sure Qualtrics still meets my needs."
"Pricing, customer service and functionality."
Still learning about tool and company.
Great tool.  User friendly. Great reports.
"Good support and solid overall product, but limited on some programming functionality.  Inability to use third party links and other problems with Target Audience."

"There have been a few times where we were promised trainings to be scheduled but nothing ever came of it. We've also run into a few features that are a real pain to have to work around, mainly the crosstab functionality or lack there of and the coded values magically changing on a number of questions on our firm's biggest and most important study of the year."

Excellent service and assistance. Excellent software. Very reasonably priced. Good access to large samples.

"Really great customer service and tech support. The 360 allows for a lot of customability, but there are some limitations to the system that are quite inconvenient for us. We also felt a little deceived at the beginning...we didn't know the system was new andessentially in beta form, and we experienced a lot of problems early on."
"It's very easy and user friendly; intuitive; full of customizations and options.  I see it as a valuable investment, but it's an investment not all of my colleagues could afford, or would need all that it has to offer."
"We have had a lot of trouble learning how to use Qualtrics as it is not intuitive or user friendly. However, due to the support by the sales has been helpful"
Customer service has gone down as the company grows. Too many fresh college grads in customer facing positions give the brand a very unprofessional feel
"Friendly service, easy to use tool, good-looking surveys, willingness to be flexible"
Has been easy to use from starting up - no training required
I find Qualtrics a good tool for the customer staisfaction surveys I develop.
"Ease of use, versitility, comprehesive features."
Great product and excellent marketing
Ease of use

"It's easy to use and has a lot of functionality. Some points lost for technical limitations around importing/exporting surveys, administrative capabilities and browser support."

great service and user interface
"I have found it really easy to use to prepare surveys. / I like the way it downloads info into SPSS in remarkably useful format / As an administrator with oversight of how students are using it, I find the info it gives on respondents particularly helpful"
Qualtrics is easy to use at an affordable price.

Capabilities of survey design tool and quality of customer support
1) easy of use / 2) features / 3) i like the company and its people
It is a great platform for data collection. My students who used it were very happy with the program & since they have recommended it for their classmates & friends.
Easy to set up and u se


I think 8 is a good score.  I like your product and the service you provide. I would like to see some enhancements to the question types and reporting.
"The site is easier to use and I am excited about the future of qualtrics. In terms of the software innovation and upgrades that you are working on for the future. But, the system can be expensive for a smaller company so I can't give it a higher score."
"Powerful, easy to use, good documentation."
Good product.  Support is spotty.  Changes made that affect us aren't communicated well
Qualtrics is good but not great / many areas for improvements
Great customer service and software functionality
Everything is good. A tad expensive.
"Qualtrics has a great tool for building surveys that is very versatile and easy to use.  There are lots of things you guys are doing well.  However, there are a number of ways in which your solution does not work well for transactional surveys and reporting back.  We've been setup with an account for 6 months, but integration and branding for transactional surveys off of Support interactions have taken quite a while to get implemented.  Everyone at Qualtrics has been quite helpful, but a lot of what we're trying to emulate from our previous deployment (which was very limited) has run into roadblocks of the tool.  In order to integrate properly with embedded data, we've needed to setup a web service for handling metadata.  After setting this up, integration of the data has been much better, but handling complex reports within Qualtrics has become cumbersome.  We've previously used GoodData with Zendesk, and the integration of those two platforms has been superb.  I have not had as much luck with Qualtrics reporting providing the versatility of GoodData, or options for customization of reporting. /  / I'm excited to see what you guys can do with your reporting tools, but at this point I feel like despite the amount of time we've spend deploying the solution, I still have a significant trek to make to get to a complete solution.  Some of the tools/integrations that could be put in place to help our organization would be: / 1. Allow triggers to be cloned and reconfigured.  Better yet, devise a way to create/input numerous triggers with one or two variables (like sending feedback to 60 different agents, where the trigger is the same except for one ED field) / 2. The panel system is great, but the ability to handle transactional surveys needs to be better.  For example, I'd like to setup one response per ticket ID (an ED field), since each customer can open multiple tickets, and should be able to give different feedback to the same survey via multiple tickets.  However, I don't want people to submit multiple surveys on the same ticket.  Right now, I have to download the data to Excel, search for duplicates, manually remove the appropriate response_ids and then re-check every few weeks or month. / 3. Reporting tools are scattered.  I opened a ticket on how to create a simple promoter report per agent (or group, or any other metadata field).  With 35 agents in Tier 1, the report quickly ran off the page, and horizontal reporting wasn't the best option.  So, I wanted to make a vertical report for each agent to show % promoter, % detractor, and NPS.  The solution was to make 35 different reports, each with a different agent_name filter and manually label each one.  However, instead of handling it that way, I took another look at the cross tabs portion and wrote up a report in 5 minutes that did the same thing.  Granted, I can only display it in 9 colors, but it'd be nice to have the same functionality under the "reporting" tab. / 4. Time filtering needs help.  I need to run weekly KPI reports that rely on a set timeframe, and track progress in each current week as well as reporting on the previous weeks.  Right now, I cannot do that.  I can filter by weeks, but the date moves based upon the timeframe when looking at the report.  This is obviously bad for comparing historical information.  If I use a set time frame, I'd have to adjust it each week and there's no way to have a floating 3 or 4 week window.  I want to see this week, and the last 3 weeks as comparison, but I see no effective way to implement that option. /  / I hope this helps your team understand the challenges we've had for handling our particular deployment.  Likely, there are not that many organizations looking to implement what we are doing.  Perhaps many organizations use external reporting tools, such as GoodData or SSPS to handle the data once passed through Qualtrics.  I'm hoping to use Qualtrics as our entire solution, but exporting the data to GoodData or another tool might be a requirement if we're not able to address some of the business requirements above."
Qualtrics is full featured and easy to use
"The software is easy to use, there are a lot of opportunites for customer support, and most of the simple statistics you can do with the program. Really user-friendly but powerful tool."
Easy to use software; responsive customer support
It's a great solution for surveys that anyone in the faculty can take advantage of while we have a licence.
The ease of use and choice of question types
.
"I am a Qualtrics brand Admin forSANITIZED. I work with a large number of faculty and their requirements. I like the survey systems tremendously. The support is a little less responsive, but not bad."
"I'm not sure that it will come up in conversation (that's the -3), but Qualtrics has proven to be extremely effective. If someone asked, I would rate them very highly."
Ease of use. Quality of Service.
"The quality of the surveys, generally very good customer service (recently much improved) - especially my main man SANITIZED."
"Customer service, ease of use"
"User friendly, good customer support"
"I'm pleased by the combination of power, flexibility and ease of use that Qualtrics offers. I'm quick to recommend it to friends who work at institutions who are already Qualtrics customers or who could afford to subscribe to your services. I'm unlikely to recommend Qualtrics to friends who work independently or at small companies as I'm under the impression they are unlikely to be able to afford Qualtrics."
I am a user and am satisfied with the product.
"Good interface, easy panel management, good client service.  I didn't give 10, becasue it's expensive overall."
"easy to use, nice features, and good support"
I've had great experiences with both your software platform and your customer service and tech help line
"Easy to use product, EXCELLENT customer service"


"I think Qualtrics is a great tool, but may not work for some in all settings."
"Easy to use at a basic level, however, the ability to customise the survey exactly as you want is tough unless you have some specific coding skills"
Pricing model on "completions" isn't any good for low incidence rate studies if you need to keep screener data.

"The interface, features, simple administration, and great online Help resources."
"good tool for programming and good support, but reporting tool could be a lot more user friendly"
Great tool with easy to learn customizations and ability to build on top of the syndicated tool
Quality product and very easy to use.
I have been very pleased with both the product and the customer service of Qualtrics
I love the product!!! It's easy to use. Surveys look awesome! If I need help I just use the Help button or email the help desk. They are quick to respond and very helpful.  SANITIZED is great to work with. You should give him a raise!!! I love the Health Report. It helps me gauge what's going on with the surveys. I also love how easy and professional the reports look.
I like the simplicity of the product
"Qualtrics is affordable, somewhat user-friendly, tech support is decent, and the organization is starting to make more strides in being more customer friendly. For example, the summit in February."
"The product is good, and the service and support are excellent.  You are always trying to improve the product!"
"Taylor is WONDERFUL.  He follows up within minutes, and gives me answers to the follow up questions he knows I am going to ask"
"Easy to use, many different questions and layout possibilities, great costumer service."
Great team ...always willing to work together to resolve any challenges we face...

1 - Your survey tool is robust. / 2 - Great customer service. / 3 - Responsive. / 4 - Knowledgeable staff. / 5 - Experience working with academics.
"Have only had the account for a few months and haven't used all of the features yet. Need more time to make a more informed decision. Also, I have been unimpressed with the support team."

"Ease of use, strong user interface, wide variety of tools"
Ease of Use in Programming
"Qualtrics is an extremely useful tool, where we can easily use things such as display logic, skip logic, and embedded data.  In order to make us more satisfied Qualtrics could provide: SPSS as an option for downloading the data through an API command and the ability to create one comprehensive list for email opt-outs/email bounces (instead of pulling it down one panel at a time)."

The Qualtrics Survey Software product is the best on the market.
"Excellent customer service, intuitive programming framework"
Good inferface
"Ease of use, flexibility of survey design, some issues of clarity in uploading panels and then finding them later on in certain instances."


"During the sales pitch, so much is put into the reporting tool, but it's still pretty broken. / The learning curve is very high and key features such as panels, survey scoring, question design to optimize reporting were left out. There was too much self learning. Host a Qualtrics Conference in the Bay Area!"


It works better than any other program we've used. The tech support is wonderful and respond quickly (even given the different time zone we're located in!). The software is easy to use and has all of the features we need.
"A  decent product, that you are continuously improving"
It is the best  survey platform for survey reserach that is on the market.
EU based servers
"The programming tools are excellent, and so is the service."
User friendly software. Increased use of software.
"Your platform is not designed for an analytical mind, and therefore more suited for users who are not quantitative researchers, but rather, people who have had survey tasks added to their job responsibilities."


"your survey tools are extremely user friendly, the customer service is great and efficient and i've been really happy in using both the 360 and research tool."
"Ease of use of the system, friendly support and SANITIZED!"
Easy to use... competitive price... awesome functionality... great support team
Tool is easy to use; tutorials provide great direction to new users; support is fantastic.
"just starting the relationship. support has been mixed - some good, some not so."

"Great product, easy to use and intuitive. Product has good value for price compared to your competition."

You have a great product with tremendous versatility.

"I don't like the support system now where they call you back.  You are changed to your desk waiting for them to call, because if you miss the call, you're out of luck"
"Options, functionality, analytics"
I would rate you a 10 but did not as my reputation is on the line when recommending.  And there are time that my needs are not always addressed.  The main reason I stay with Qualtrics for me is that you have kept your promise on my contract and due to switching costs.
"I think it is the best platform out there, but I did run into some limitations with it."
Excellent customer service and a product that works really well and continues to evolve.
"Great survey tool, but for smaller companies like our, it is a bit expensive."
It's. great product and good customer service but it's v expensive.
I have used multiple survey tools in the past and this one is by far the best.  I really like the customization options and reporting features.  Customer service is great too!
Innovation
The service is great. Very quick to respond to any issues I have.
easy to use and supportting staff.
Great customer service; very responsive; wonderful product with excellent functionality.
Ease of use and responsiveness of technicians when I need help.
"Great, reliable & easy to learn!"
"Easy to use, very thorough"
relatively simple and easy to use service
"It's a stout platform, with some excellent features. But it's expensive, the sales folks are too persistent, and the reports need work."
great service; easy to use; continuous improvement
"great customer service, intuitive/flexible product, innovative company"

I work with Qualtrics a lot so knowing how to use it inside and out helps me recommend to others as i can usually help them construct a survey that suits their needs
It would depend on what a person needs.  So I would not just by default recommend Qualtrics.
product quality
Very easy to use and high quality
Useful and simple program
"As one of the local Administrators of Qualtrics for the SANITIZED, I try to promote the product."
you offer a very good product
special capabilities and functionalities
"I am very satisfied with the product, and think it is very reasonably priced.  However, customer support has declined over the years.  In addition, we find that new features are often added without thoroughly testing the impact they might have on other features - - i.e., something you do breaks something that was previously working."

So easy to use


"easy to use, advanced programming, surveys look nice"
"It is easy for a beginner to pick up, yet sophisticated enough for an experienced researcher to be satisfied with"
Qualtrics is a user friendly and robust online application.
"All of the features, different types of questions, easy and user-friendly interface"
High quality of the product.  Excellent tech support.  Reasonable cost.
It is easy for people with no knowledge of web programming and web forms. The GUI provide sufficient features for general purpose surveys.
"Your system is quite good, but expensive when not using surveys frequently. I've found another supplier less expensive."

"Ease of use, tech support, customer service, quality of survey tool."
"You guys are WAY too expensive for an academic like me, but you're also the only software that actually does everything I need, so I'm stuck with you.   Maybe when the kids grow up, I'll leave you, Qualtrics, but for now we're a team."

"Qualtrics support is always fast to respond, and if they can't catch me by phone, they will always send an email. I really appreciate the friendliness and expertise of all of the staff. I also appreciate willingness to help, even when the staff person is not an expert on the topic of my inquiry.  /  / For example, the other day I called the help center with a question about setting up a survey which would prevent users from selecting an option after it had been selected X number of times. SANITIZED from Support let me know that she's not an expert, but she could connect me with someone who was -- and she did!  /  / In addition, SANITIZED responded by email when he couldn't catch me by phone, and provided a link to a help article that helped me to achieve exactly what I wanted with the survey.  /  / All in all, I am confident that if I call Qualtrics support, I will find an answer in a quick and friendly manner."
"Great customer support, effective learning mechanisms (tutorials, Qualtrics University)"
"Ease of use, training materials, quality of support"

"Because I already have recommended you to others, therefore, it is extremely likely. ;-"


"Ease of use, all the options available for both easy and more complicated surveys, excellent tech support and customer service."
It works; it's always innovating.

I think you're software is fantastic but I wouldn't recommend you to people looking to do simple surveys. I think cost is prohibitive for some situations.
"Easy to use software, survey question flexibility/capabilities, helpful support."
"The program has always been a blessing to me.  Other survey collection tools just don't stack up to what Qualtrics can provide.  On top of that, the customer service is pro."
"User friendly of the solution, efficiency of the platform, questions type available, massive import for multilimgual purpose."
"Doesn't work very well. Much like this survey doesn't work very well. Training has been bad. The person we got to train us didn't seem to know much about the software or research. Alot of the things we were sold on, we are now discovering don't work well, or cost extra."
"The software itself is an excellent platform. I get the data I want at the speed and efficiency my business needs. Customer service has also been excellent from my account rep, SANITIZED."

Love it.

The tool is good but

The functions are not as easy to execute as I expected and the help page is not at all helpful. The drill-down question is not easily used in reports if you want to look at only one level of the answer.
"I think qualtrics is great, but i wish you guys would hire more customer service agents. that is almost always a pain point. Many times no one answers."
I really like how everything can be done online.
Quick and easy to use.
"The staff at Qualtrics have provided extraordinary service, and have been extremely patient in all of the problems that have occurred in payment of your services."
Very effective survey tool.
Have been very pleased with the product and support services I have received over the past 6 months.
Best solution out there. But the pro's of being able to customize the surveys so readily also creates a con that it's easy to make mistakes setting up logic etc. and it's hard to provide service to help fix everyone's specific problems.
easy to use interace / wide range of question type
professional and easy to use
"We very much enjoy using Qualtrics. It's fun, user-friendly, and a sophisticated survey and reporting tool."
"qualtrics survey tool is easy to use and they are always making updates to it and the reporting tools. also, qualtrics was started by researchers, not by technology entrepreneurs"
"ease of use, ability to listen to customers to make changes, SANITIZED"
"Great product, useful documentation, great customer support."
"Ease of use, great help tutorials, both simple and complex analytic options, great service support via phone, etc."


"There are an amazing amount of tools to generate reporting, and the ease of creating and modifying surveys is wonderful."

"The platform is intuitive, but my team has had some challenges implementing our surveys and data feeds."
Easy administration and easy ability of people to earn the system
user friendly platform / advanced capabilities / great customer service
"High quality, easy to use, advanced features are made so much easier"
For the most part Qualtrics is easy to use and is a lot better than other options in the market ( like surveymonkey etc) for light useres. Non-researchers are usually the ones who are asking me what they should use.
Your service has allowed me to vastly improve my website's performance with an easy-to-use product. Your sales and service associates are polite and respond quickly.
Customer service
Your agent worked with me for a price that I could afford. I am a small business and coldn't afford the big $$ packages. I also didn't want to use survey monkey or one of the less professional cites that I had been using up to this point. Your customer service rep worked with me and his manager to come up with an annual rate that I could afford until my business grows. Thank you so much :)
Great user interface
Lack of a specific question type
"Robust product, ease of use"
"Qualtrics is easy to use, enables me to execute fun surveys quickly and get real-time reports."

"In academics there are limitations to protectng human subjects that to this point Qualtrics has not adequately addressed.  For some projects we run it is approrpriate and we would use it for those, for those who have specific risks assosicated, Qualtirics seems unwilling to or unable to address the issues that are available in other systems."
Qualtrics is browser-based online survey platform which let survey creators can manage surveys anywhere.
"Easy to use, good question types/features, flexible tool"
Relability and easy acess to the collected data.
The survey building tools and customer service are excellent. I'm not sure I trust the representativeness of the panels which is why I didn't give a full 10.

Flexible tool
I found the users of qualtrics felt happy to use it
Love the features and capability.  Wish the support (online tutorials) was caught up with the new features and that the SalesForce integration was smoother.
Capability of the survey tool
Your customer service is excellent. Everyone that I have worked with has been friendly and helpful.
"Qualtrics is the best survey software I've used (excluding free options like Google Surveys) and for the most part, is intuitive.  There are certain functions that are not intuitive or could be more clearly labeled/explained."
previous experience

"I've actually already recommended Qualtrics to a colleague.  The software is easy to use and yet offers complex capabilities, the staff and technical support are fabulous and the license is priced reasonably."

Great product and customer service
The tool is quite easy to use with a reasonable set of features and ongoing development of new features.
"When I give a new user their login, I can give them a quick 20 minute overview of the tool and they are all set. It is pretty intuitive for those who know the basics about survey building. I coach them on the content, but they can create a survey and get their results fairly simply. The learning curve for the tool is very short."
"reasonably intuitive interface with a good number of options, cost of data panels is prohibitive for academics"
"Qualtrics has proven itself as a useful tool in our service offerings.  I have found unique uses for it including leveraging it to inform us when a client has completed a file server migrate or indicate they need help which then triggers the creation of a support request.  Additionally, I have already recommended it to several people."

Give you my response on your question.

Your product is robust and easy to use.
Variety of capabilities

The platform doesn't seem too flexible. We couldn't do response formats that complete an otherwise incomplete sentence. The platform is expensive and therefore I was hoping it to be more flexible.
is so easy to use and it has great features
"Qualtrics has excellent features that outshine any survey system that I have used. When I administer a Qualtrics survey, I always get a compliment or an inquiry about what system I've used. Qualtrics surveys are professional and very customizable."
it's easy to learn and professional with many good features.
You can do so much and yet it is simple if you want to do simple survey.  I do need help when people come up with crazy ideas but it seems that we can do their crazy ideas must of the time and I know that I couldnt with the other software that we used.
Survey product is easy to use and great support.
"Great support, robust product, fairly easy to use"
Experience with the software
"Overall Qualtrics is a good tool and has a lot of functionality, but we have run into repeated problems with the Editor or Reporting being buggy, and also some pretty basic usability issues that would make using it much easier if corrected, and despite having reported these, we rarely see changes made.  From what we've heard it sounds like pure number of requests is what informs feature request prioritization, which doesn't seem to make sense when there are things that maybe not that many businesses have thought to actually ask for, but would clearly improve their Qualtrics experience if implemented."
